[skip ci] Add ActiveRecord::Base.normalizes to 7.1 release notes (#49059)
rails/rails: guides/source/7_1_release_notes.md

### Add `ActiveRecord::Base.normalizes`

> A normalization is applied when the attribute is assigned or updated,
> and the normalized value will be persisted to the database.
> The normalization is also applied to the corresponding keyword argument of finder methods.
> This allows a record to be created and later queried using unnormalized values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Normalizations can be declared for attribute values. The normalization
takes place when the attribute is assigned or updated, and will be persisted to the database.
Normalization is also applied to corresponding keyword arguments in finder methods,
allowing records to be queried using unnormalized values.
```

Small suggestion, what do you think?

Author: Looks good.
